Added information (#145)
glpi-project/docdev: source/plugins/guidelines.rst

Directories structure
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

PRE GLPI 10
++++++++++

> 

Reviewer: Ping.

> 

Reviewer: Developers documentation _currently_ only targets GLPI v11.

Changes made in v11 can be marked with a `.. versionadded:: 11.0.0` or `.. versionchanged:: 11.0.0` and v10 info can be kept - if you want.
But everything older should just be removed (versions are no longer supported).

* `MyPlugin.xml` and `MyPlugin.png` can be used to reference your plugin on the `plugins directory website <http://plugins.glpi-project.org>`_,
* the required `setup.php` and `hook.php` files.

POST GLPI 10
+++++++++++

> In GLPI 10 and newer installations you are adviced to use namespaces and composer autoloader. Objectfiles using namespaces are no longer loaded by the old autoload.function.php but by the newer Composer autoloader. In order to use the composer autoloader in your plugin must place your classfiles in the `/src` directory instead of the `/inc`. In this scenario the `/inc` directory should no longer be present in the plugin folder structure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In GLPI 10 and newer installations you are advised to use namespaces and the Composer PSR-4 autoloader. Classes using namespaces are no longer loaded by the old autoload.function.php but by the newer Composer autoloader. In order to use the Composer autoloader in your plugin, must place your PHP class files in the `/src` directory instead of `/inc`. In this scenario the `/inc` directory should no longer be present in the plugin folder structure.
```

> The the convention to be used is (Case sensitive): `namespace GlpiPlugin\Myplugin;`. The namespace should be added to every classfile in the `/src` directory and should be PHP convention be placed in the top of your classfile. Classfiles using the `GlpiPlugin\Myplugin\` namespaces will be loaded from:  `GLPI_ROOT\Plugins\myplugin\src\ClassName.php`. To include folders inside the `/src` directory simply add them to your namespace and use keywords i.e. `namespace GlpiPlugin\Myplugin\SubFolder\` will load `GLPI_ROOT\Plugins\myplugin\src\SubFolder\ClassName.php`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The convention to be used is (Case sensitive): `namespace GlpiPlugin\Myplugin;`. The namespace should be added to every class in the `/src` directory and per the PSR-12 PHP convention be placed in the top of your class. Classes using the `GlpiPlugin\Myplugin\` namespaces will be loaded from:  `GLPI_ROOT\plugins\myplugin\src\`. To include folders inside the `/src` directory simply add them to your namespace and use keywords i.e. `namespace GlpiPlugin\Myplugin\SubFolder\` will load from `GLPI_ROOT\plugins\myplugin\src\SubFolder\`.
```

Author: You are correct. Documenting this with the folder structure feels like a more natural place. Maybe place a reference to the structure in the 'adding and managing' objects.
